---
layout: post
title:      "Passed my final project review!"
date:       2021-08-31 01:46:52 +0000
permalink:  passed_my_final_project_review
---


Today I passed my final project review and I can't believe that I'm finally going to graduate! Looking back at the doe-eyed, self-doubting girl I was when I started this program in 2019, I just wish I could reach back in time to give her a hug, tell her how amazing and resilient she is and how proud I am of her. None of us had any idea what was in store for 2020 and in the last year I can't think of how many times I wanted to throw in the towel - with this bootcamp, with school (I finished my masters degree this past December!), with work (I've had days where I was working until 4am only to jump on client calls starting at 7am... I changed jobs recently and it's gotten a lot better), even with where I live (I left my peaceful remote corner of NorCal and moved to the middle of bustling Los Angeles, crammed myself into a tiny 400sqft studio on a busy street where I quarantined in 2020 by myself and was afraid to even leave my windows open after dark). I have learned so much during this bootcamp about coding and building apps from start to finish, but the most valuable things I have gotten out of iit have been an increase in self-discipline and the ability to believe that I can do anything. Hopefully, I won't ever have to experience anything comparably as stressful as the last 18 months but if I ever do, I know I can handle it and always get myself across the finishline. 

So now that this is over, where will I go from here? I mentioned above that I got a new job recently. I currently work as an analyst at a large data company in their marketing and consulting services department. My primary focus is taking our modeling outputs and presenting marketing KPIs to our clients and providing insights for optimizing their marketing budgets. The company where I work has a whole product team devoted to developing the proprietary software that ingests, models and forecasts the marketing data. After completing this bootcamp I have set my sights on joining our product team, armed with my experience both from working on our client facing team and my new skills from this program. In addition, I have already taken on two freelance projects: one to build a recognition app for a local small business to allow employees to send each other thank you notes with points that they can use to redeem prizes, and another app for to manage appointments and client data for a dog walking business. I'll continue taking freelance projects until I can secure a more permanent position on our product team. 
